you
hi I'm Chris so from musician's friend
and today I'm going to talk about the
Ace at deluxe carved top electric guitar
the GL guitar company was founded by
George Fullerton and Leo fender George
and Leo being the founding fathers of
this company brought this T style guitar
now most tea style guitars have a flat
top this has a beautiful carved top to
it and this guitar is in butterscotch
blonde / swamp ash so you can see the
veins and the gorgeous grain on this
guitar both on the front and on the back
swamp ash has a very well rounded full
organic tone to it so it's great for
jazz rock and blues the pickups were
designed by legendary designer mr. Paul
Gaghan who designed pickups at fender
thirty-six years ago and is still
designing pickups for gnl today the neck
pickup is a PAF style pickup with a
clean clear tone and great string to
note definition the bridge pickup is
balanced and complements the neck pickup
both in tone and an output together
they're a perfect match for this swamp
ash tonality
of a body for controls we have a master
volume switch a pickup selector for neck
both pickups and bridge pickup and a
master tone control with a push-pull
coil tap and when you put that coil tap
on its tapping the outermost coils where
the set screws are on the bridge pickup
and the set screws are on the neck
these outer coils are going to give you
the greatest tonal variation possible on
this guitar it also includes a tummy
tuck on the back for added comfort and a
4 bolt neck for solid neck to body
connection one of my favorite features
on this guitar is the bridge this saddle
lock bridge is exclusive to G&L and it
actually has a metal post that is
embedded into the body of the guitar
about 3/4 of an inch so unlike most
bridges that are screwed into the top of
the guitar there is a connection to the
bridge and body that gives you much
greater mass and sustain there's a screw
on the side of the pickup that's unique
to this bridge and this screw drives a
Teflon piston to push these saddles
together and lock them into place when
you have loose saddles you're going to
lose tone and sustain but when your
saddles are locked and your bridge is
anchored into the body of the guitar and
you have a four bolt neck you have a
solidly constructed guitar that's going
to give you really great tone and
sustain let's hear some of the tones we
can get out of this guitar the bridge
position
both pickups
and the neck pickup
let's here with the coil tap on the
bridge position both pickups and the
neck pickup
now let's here with some output with
overdrive
you'll hear a big growly tone
both pickups
and the neck pickup
on the upper registers you can hear it
really sing and when you put the neck
pickup engaged the creaminess comes out
and there you have it the G&L ASAT
deluxe carved top electric guitar in
swamp ash butterscotch blonde with
binding a solidly made guitar and a
welcome addition to any guitar players
arsenal